Add a user guide (#140)
strata-org/jverify: docs/guide/src/time_traveling.md

> # Time traveling

Reviewer: Love the title :)

> JVerify allows evaluating an expression at a point in time different from where the expression occurs. This is most commonly used in postconditions to compare the program state before and after the method executed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JVerify allows evaluating an expression at a point in time different from where the expression occurs. This is most commonly used in post-conditions to compare the program state before and after the method executed. 
```

Author: I thought you decided we should use postcondition everywhere. What do you prefer?

Reviewer: Oh I probably suggested this earlier and then changed my mind later on, disregard
